Add a C++ version of the Virtual Keyboard example (#2546)
slint-ui/slint: CHANGELOG.md

- macOS: Fixed `install_name` for `libslint_cpp.dylib` use `@rpath` instead of absolute paths to the build directory.
- Fixed memory corruption when embedding images in generated C++ code.

> - Add support for dispatching key press and key release events to `slint::Window` via `dispatch_key_event`. This removes
>   the `dispatch_key_event` function in `slint::experimental::platform::WindowAdapter::dispatch_key_event`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for dispatching key press and key release events to `slint::Window` via `dispatch_key_*_event`. 
  This replaces the experimental `slint::experimental::platform::WindowAdapter::dispatch_key_event`.
```

Author: Thanks! Will apply.
